Dear Business person ; We know you are interested in 
receiving amazing news . We will comply with all removal 
requests . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1620 , Title 9 , Section 303 . Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 27 months ! Have 
you ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank 
machines and the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU sell more plus turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Mrs Jones who 
resides in Montana tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" ! We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws ! You have no 
reason not to act now ! Sign up a friend and you get 
half off ! Warmest regards . Dear Salaryman , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you ! This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1622 , Title 7 ; Section 
302 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 47 
months . Have you ever noticed people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills and nobody is 
getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you use credit cards on your 
website and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Prof Simpson who resides in Georgia tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" ! We assure you that we operate within all 
applicable laws ! For the sake of your family order 
now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
80% . Cheers . Dear Internet user , Especially for 
you - this amazing intelligence ! This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1619 , Title 9 ; Section 303 ! Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 55 
days ! Have you ever noticed how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines and how many people you know are 
on the Internet ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you SELL MORE & process your 
orders within seconds . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us . Mr Jones of New York tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! If 
not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 80% ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer .